---
title: University life
description: It's pretty cool... so far
date: 2022-09-21 17:37
---

Last week was my first university week. It was pretty cool. I was super nervous about how everything is going to work and such. I felt like I was leaping into the unknown (which I kinda was).

It is all pretty complicated and there was lots of information to remember just from the first week. Every subject has different rules of classification.But I feel like I can keep a handle on everything. (god I hope I can)

I finally feel like an adult and all that was needed to make me feel that way is to ditch paper text books and have some schedule irregularities. I only carry my laptop and Wacom to classes.
Great feeling, lemme tell ya. Having a 4-hour break between lectures is also pretty darn nice. It just makes me feel like I have a bit more control of
how I spend my free time since I can work on homework in that time.

Some lectures are pretty useless and boring. Some are extremely important and boring. And some are very pleasant but totally useless.

The IB111 ("Foundations of Programming") class is the one I'm the most scared of at the moment. I was expecting a subject with *foundations* to be pretty
easy for me since I had the literal subject of programming for 4 years. I couldn't be more wrong. They already expect us to solve problems with quadratic equations, 
right-angle triangles, Fibonacci sequences, prime numbers, etc. Just taking a peek at the homework makes my head hurt.

The good thing is that I have plenty of time during the week to work on said homework. No more useless classes. No more wasting time.
